[Music]
again you shall say to the children of
Israel whoever of the children of Israel
or of the strangers who dwell in Israel
who gives any of his descendants to
Molech he shall surely be put to death
the people of the land shall stone him
with stones I will set my face against
that man and will cut him off from his
people because he has given some of his
descendants to Moloch to defile my
sanctuary and profane my holy name and
if the people of the land should in any
way hide their eyes from the man when he
gives some of his descendants to Moloch
and they do not kill him then I will set
my face against that man and against his
family and I will cut him off from his
people and all who prostitute themselves
with him to commit harlotry with Moloch
and the person who turns to mediums and
familiar spirits to prostitute himself
with them I will set my face against
that person and cut him off from his
people consecrate yourselves therefore
and be holy for I am the Lord your God
and you shall keep my statutes and
perform them I am the lord who
sanctifies you for every one who curses
his father or his mother shall surely be
put to death
he has cursed his father or his mother
his blood shall be upon him the man who
commits adultery with another man's wife
he who commits adultery with his
neighbor's wife the adulterer and the
adulteress shall surely be
to death the man who lives with his
father's wife has uncovered his father's
nakedness both of them shall surely be
put to death their blood shall be upon
them if a man lies with his
daughter-in-law both of them shall
surely be put to death they have
committed perversion their blood shall
be upon them if a man lies with a male
as he lies with a woman both of them
have committed an abomination they shall
surely be put to death their blood shall
be upon them if a man marries a woman
and her mother
it is wickedness they shall be burned
with fire
both he and they that there may be no
wickedness among you if a man mates with
an animal he shall surely be put to
death and you shall kill the animal if a
woman approaches any animal and mates
with it you shall kill the woman and the
animal they shall surely be put to death
their blood is upon them if a man takes
his sister his father's daughter or his
mother's daughter and sees her nakedness
and she sees his nakedness it is a
wicked thing and they shall be cut off
in the sight of their people
he has uncovered his sister's nakedness
he shall bear his guilt if a man lies
with a woman during her sickness and
uncovers her nakedness
he has exposed her flow and she has
uncovered the flow of her blood both of
them shall be cut off from their people
you shall not uncover the nakedness of
your mother's sister nor of your
father's sister for that would uncover
his near of kin they shall bear their
guilt if a man lies with his uncle's
wife he has uncovered his uncle's
nakedness they shall bear their sin they
shall die childless
if a man takes his brother's wife it is
an unclean thing he has uncovered his
brother's nakedness they shall be
childless you shall therefore keep all
my statutes and all my judgments and
perform them that the land where I am
bringing you to dwell may not vomit you
out and you shall not walk in the
statutes of the nation which I am
casting out before you for they commit
all these things and therefore I abhor
them but I have said to you you shall
inherit their land and I will give it to
you to possess a land flowing with milk
and honey I am the Lord your God who has
separated you from the peoples you shall
therefore distinguish between clean
animals and unclean between unclean
birds and clean and you shall not make
yourselves abominable by beasts or by
bird or by any kind of living thing that
creeps on the ground which I have
separated from you as unclean and you
shall be holy to me for I the LORD am
holy and have separated you from the
peoples that you should be mine a man or
a woman who is a medium or who has
familiar spirits shall surely be put to
death they shall stone them with stones
their blood shall be upon them